I was born in Hong Kong in 1952.
When I was about just over 14 years of age,
my mother sent me down and said,
look, there's a marriage maker
and the gentleman he's agreed to take you as his wife.
I was absolutely petrified.
I never met him before.
We actually 20 years different between age.
But I wanted to go through because I love my mum.
I want her to be able to have a chance of happiness.
I came to England.
I'm not long after that.
We started our first Chinese takeaway in that mid-tooth town.
I had to work very hard.
Seven days a week to help my husband run the business.
I was the only Chinese woman in the entire town.
I have nowhere to ask for help or advice.
So I have a really bad time.
When my second daughter was born,
when she just stopped breathing,
and a few minutes later,
the nurse came out and said,
go to one flower for his garden
and that's where your daughter's gone.
So at that moment of time,
I was very hungry.
And I feel sad and sorrow and lonely.
When I have the horrible guilt,
it's my fault.
Oh, it's God.
It's his fault.
So I stopped praying to God.
One day, there was one very kind lady
who came to me, not my daughter.
And then eventually, one day,
the ladies stopped me and had a conversation.
And the conversation lead to why people die
and what happened when they're dead.
Knowing is no body thought.
It's just our imperfection.
I found out the great relief.
God did not punish me for that.
And from then on,
I started a Bible study for her.
But my study,
focusing very slow by that time,
our heart.
Six children.
I also have to work full time.
And also, the lady doesn't speak Chinese.
And my English is no better than her Chinese side.
When I dedicated my life to Jehovah,
it's not been easy.
If I as my husband concerned,
his wife should be concentrate,
looking after family and business,
some wasting time on religions like that.
My mum as well,
very much against me,
become Jehovah witnesses.
My husband showed up me,
often he gave me her time,
because I want to take all my children to the meeting.
One day, he wanted me to choose between him
or Jehovah.
When I prayed to Jehovah,
I said, Jehovah,
now it's a time,
I need your Holy Spirit to help me.
And I said,
my husband is a good man,
and he deserved to know
why I choose my life.
And I just feel so calm.
And then I turn around
and I ask my husband,
what do you think of me
since I've become a witness?
Am I a better wife?
Or am I getting worse?
So my husband said,
oh,
okay then,
if that was the case,
go serve your God Jehovah.
Before my mother died,
my mother actually prayed to Jehovah
to thank him to say,
since I've become a Jehovah witnesses,
I've become a better daughter.
I remember one day,
one of my Bible students
came up to my house
and she was crying,
because she suffered persecution
from her husband.
And my husband was
sitting next to me,
and then he turned around and said,
you just have to persevere,
because my wife went through
the same experience
and looked where she is now.
The last 10 years,
my husband came to
all the meeting with me,
seeing my children happy,
it's the most important thing for me,
and they're not only happy for a short time,
but they also have a happy future.
My life now,
I'm no longer lonely,
I'm no longer a fatherless child,
because I know Jehovah care for me,
Jehovah help a little woman like me,
and I'm sure Jehovah will help anybody
who has towards him.